>> Steve Kinney: So here is the counter
that I made in the previous example.
And you can see that it both,
>> Steve Kinney: Handles its own state and
also handles the presentation, right.
And so with the container pattern,
our sole job is for
separating up the two of those.
Right, which is not doing the same
thing in one component, right?
Cuz then we could have
the stateful version,
we could have the presentational one,
and we can use them together.
And this, we'll see when we get to some of
the other patterns, is useful if you have
two components that look very different,
but take the same state, right?
Like the user profile
might take the user but
also the notifications
might need the user.
Right, we can kind of begin to use
these containers in multiple places.
So, implementing this is effectively just
a little bit of cut and pasting, right.
First thing I'm gonna do is I'm actually
gonna take most of this component and
copy it all into the container.
Cuz most of this component is
the state management, right?
It's setting the initial state.
It's handling increment, handling
decrement, handling resetting, right.
There is a little bit of mark up in here.
So I'll take the entire thing at first.
And I'm just gonna copy it
over to CounterContainer.js
which was intentionally left blank,
but no longer.
And what do we name this one?
Counter container.
So counter container is
going to handle a state, but
then what are we gonna use to like
actually be the UI for this counter?
>> Steve Kinney: The counter
component that we had before.
So we'll have to bring that in.
>> Steve Kinney: So bring in the counter.
We have all the state, and
then effectively what we're
going to do is,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll give it
the counter.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say onIncrement is this.onIncrement.
onDecrement, wanna take a lucky guess?
>> Steve Kinney: this.onDecrement and
on reset,
>> Steve Kinney: Unfortunately,
in the other example I just decided
to call this one reset, and
I'm gonna have to live with that decision.
Otherwise do needless refactoring in
a real life coding situation which will
probably never work out.
And we'll also say that the count is
equal to the account that we pull from
the state.
So now the actual counter is not
gonna be in charge of managing
any of its own state.
It's simply going to be a vessel for
the state from the container.
So we'd get rid of all of this.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll hit Save.
And then going back to counter.js,
I don't need to managing that state,
this is going to be
a component that just renders.
And counter is not gonna come from state
anymore, where is it gonna come from?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: Props, right?
Cuz everything that's needs
is being passed in to it.
It will also is gonna get onIncrement,
onDecrement, and
onReset, which I did name
correctly in this case.
We'll see.
[LAUGH] I felt confident that I did until
you asked me, did you.
Yeah, I did call in onReset.
I win.
Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll pass that in.
So this component receives
everything it needs.
If you needed to test this, you could pass
in two mocks, or three mocks in this case.
[INAUDIBLE] make sure the right one got
called, you could pass in some state,
you can actually get a working version
of this component without having to
first invent the universe in order
to have all the state that you need.
So this makes testing, and again this is
a very simple example but imagine this was
deep in your component tree and that state
was coming from some place far away.
In order to test that component you'd
have to recreate that entire chain,
which you know what that means?
You're not going to be test
that component, right?
[LAUGH] Because when testing is hard,
we don't do it.
Finally, we have one other change to make.
The application will now
grab the counter container.
So the counter.
And now it is time for
the live coding reveal to make sure
I didn't make a mistake somewhere.
>> Steve Kinney: And I did?
Let's see.
So we have the counter container,
make sure all my files have saved,
>> Steve Kinney: These
are getting passed in as props.
>> Steve Kinney: Slightly embarrassing.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] state of count
>> Steve Kinney: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: Let see.
>> Steve Kinney: So bring in the counter.
>> Steve Kinney: And
what I'll do is I will,
>> Steve Kinney: Chrome sometimes,
if it's undefined, doesn't show anything.
All right, so
I can see that this is undefined.
All right, that's questionable, right?
So why?
>> Steve Kinney: Does anyone see why?
>> Group: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: I called them handle
increment handle decrement, and
I typed onIncrement and onDecrement and so
those are definitely undefined.
So that's an easy fix.
>> Steve Kinney: The funny part is, I made
that comment about reset and that I didn't
use onReset, now realizing that I also-
>> Speaker 5: onIncrement,
instead of handle increment instead of
>> Steve Kinney: Very cool.
>> Steve Kinney: And now it works as
expected cuz I named the methods the right
thing this time.